chore(lavapack): ensure artifacts get built upon publish (#676)
LavaMoat/lavamoat: RELEASE.md

LavaMoat follows [Semantic Versioning 2.0.0](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html) and uses [Conventional Commits][] to enable automation.

## How to Publish to npm

1. **Review, approve, then merge** a currently-open [Release Please][] pull request.
   > See [How Releases Work](#how-releases-work) for more information.

> 2. _Immediately after_ merging, **checkout** the `main` branch and **pull** the changes from [LavaMoat/LavaMoat][] into your working copy.
>    > The remote name depends on your working copy configuration; it may be `origin` or `upstream`—just make sure it's not pulling from a fork.
>    >
>    > This _should_ be a fast-forward operation; if it isn't, reset your working copy's `main` branch to this repo's `main` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. _Immediately after_ merging, **checkout** the `main` branch and **pull** the changes from [LavaMoat/LavaMoat][] into your working copy.
   > It is recommended you make a clean clone or use a separate local copy for publishing. 
   > Never publish from a fork.
   > Pulling `main` _should_ be a fast-forward operation; if it isn't, please start from a clean clone to be on the safe side.
```

3. **Assert** you are logged in to the npm registry; use `npm login` and/or `npm whoami`. _Do not do this on an untrusted machine._
4. **Assert** your working copy has no modifications (e.g., via `git status`).
5. **Execute** `npm ci` ("Clean Install"; not "Continuous Integration").
   > This operation will obliterate any `node_modules` and `packages/*/node_modules` directories before installation.

> 6. Be ready with your 2FA passcode, then **execute** `npm run publish`. Artifacts will be rebuilt and the default set of tests will run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Be ready with your 2FA passcode, then **execute** `npm run release`. Artifacts will be rebuilt and the default set of tests will run.
```
